Update direction link docs to reflect markup refactor (#604)
govau/design-system-site: content/components/direction-links/rationale/span.md

---
layout: component/rationale.js
heading: Arrows icons inside span attribute
---

Previous versions of the direction links component added the arrow icon as content using the css `:after` selector to the anchor/button tag.
In this example, a screen reader would read:

> "[Link] skip to footer down arrow".

The arrow icon is a visual cue and not necessary information for a screen reader user. 

> Because of this, the arrow icon is now added by `css` inside a `<span>` attribute with an `aria-hidden` attribute set to `true`, this hides the arrow icon from a screen reader. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of this, the arrow icon is now added by `css` inside a `<span>` attribute with an `aria-hidden` attribute set to `true`. This prevents the arrow icon from being read by a screen reader. 
```

---
layout: component/rationale.js
heading: Arrows icons inside span attribute
---

> Previous versions of the direction links component added the arrow icon by css in the anchor `<a>` attribute. However this caused the direction arrow to be read out by a screen reader. The arrow icon is a visual cue and not necessary information for a screen reader user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previous versions of the direction links component added the arrow icon as content using the css `:after` selector. 
In this example, a screen reader would read:

> "[Link] skip to footer down arrow".

The arrow icon is a visual cue and not necessary information for a screen reader user. 
```
